standard/sections/clause_10_media_types.adoc, before:

[[media-types-section]]
== Media Types

=== Overview

The OGC API - Publish-Subscribe Workflows Standard provides requirements classes for message payload encodings that are commonly used in event driven implementations, including <<rc_message-payload-cloudevents-json,CloudEvents>> and <<rc_message-payload-geojson,GeoJSON>>, as well as <<rc_discovery,AsyncAPI documents>>.  This clause indicates the media types that are to be used for these encodings of the resources defined in this Standard.

=== Media types

A description of the MIME types is mandatory for any OGC API Standard that specifies requirements for data encoding(s). <<media-types-table>> provides a list of suitable MIME types for <<rc_message-payload-cloudevents-json,CloudEvents>> and <<rc_message-payload-geojson,GeoJSON>>, as well as <<rc_discovery,AsyncAPI documents>>.

[#media-types-table,reftext='{table-caption} {counter:table-num}']
.OGC API - Publish-Subscribe Workflow media types
[width="80%",cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Resource type|Link relation|Media type

|AsyncAPI document (JSON)
|`service-desc`
|`application/asyncapi+json`

|AsyncAPI document (YAML)
|`service-desc`
|`application/asyncapi+yaml`

|AsyncAPI document (HTML)
|`service-doc`
|`text/html`

|CloudEvents message payload (JSON)
|N/A
|`application/json`

|GeoJSON message payload (JSON)
|N/A
|`application/geo+json`


|===

Commit message:

update media types clause for CloudEvents JSON (#27) (#28)

standard/sections/clause_10_media_types.adoc, after:

[[media-types-section]]
== Media Types

=== Overview

The OGC API - Publish-Subscribe Workflows Standard provides requirements classes for message payload encodings that are commonly used in event driven implementations, including <<rc_message-payload-cloudevents-json,CloudEvents>> and <<rc_message-payload-geojson,GeoJSON>>, as well as <<rc_discovery,AsyncAPI documents>>.  This clause indicates the media types that are to be used for these encodings of the resources defined in this Standard.

=== Media types

A description of the MIME types is mandatory for any OGC API Standard that specifies requirements for data encoding(s). <<media-types-table>> provides a list of suitable MIME types for <<rc_message-payload-cloudevents-json,CloudEvents>> and <<rc_message-payload-geojson,GeoJSON>>, as well as <<rc_discovery,AsyncAPI documents>>.

[#media-types-table,reftext='{table-caption} {counter:table-num}']
.OGC API - Publish-Subscribe Workflow media types
[width="80%",cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Resource type|Link relation|Media type

|AsyncAPI document (JSON)
|`service-desc`
|`application/asyncapi+json`

|AsyncAPI document (YAML)
|`service-desc`
|`application/asyncapi+yaml`

|AsyncAPI document (HTML)
|`service-doc`
|`text/html`

|CloudEvents message payload (JSON)
|N/A
|`application/cloudevents+json`

|CloudEvents batch message payload (JSON)
|N/A
|`application/cloudevents-batch+json`

|GeoJSON message payload (JSON)
|N/A
|`application/geo+json`

NOTE: media types for CloudEvents payloads are not yet registered with IANA (related discusssion can be found in footnote:[https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/issues/1375]).


|===
